Improve Wording all around (#5)
AyuAi/beemo-docs: moderation/preset-reasons.md

# Preset Reasons

Save your moderators' time by storing preset reasons to use when making redundant moderation actions. 
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

---

## About

> Preset reasons allow for moderators to save time when issuing punishments by using preset flags for rules that are repeatedly violated. Like canned responses for moderators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preset reasons allow for moderators to save time when issuing punishments by using preset flags for reasons that are repeatedly used (Like canned responses for moderators!)
```

Reviewer 2: Wanted to find a way to incorporate it better, and you've done just that!
